Fc 1146 event sources (#7)
Templum/developers-community: pages/Documents/DeveloperTools/LivePersonFunctions/EventSources/conversation-builder.md

indicator: both
---

Users who are tasked with creating bots in Conversation Builder can easily integrate functions within their dialog flows. Adding this kind of [interaction](conversation-builder-integrations-liveperson-functions-integrations.html) to a dialog in a bot works just like adding any other type of integration interaction.

As part of the invocation, the bot can pass event meta-data into the function. This event payload is specific to the triggered bot interaction. This means that, depending on the interaction, the function will have different data available as an input.

### Configuration

> {: .important}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: Just have the text here, no need for a box. Given that we only have that box in that chapter

> You must have an user account for the Conversational Cloud and Conversation Builder platforms. If you don't, your team should have an administrator who can create one for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have a user account for the Conversational Cloud and Conversation Builder platforms. If that's not the case reach out to your account manager in order to create one.
```

indicator: both
---

> Users who are tasked with creating bots in Conversation Builder can easily integrate function calls within their dialog flows. Adding this kind of [integration interaction](conversation-builder-integrations-liveperson-functions-integrations.html) to a dialog in a bot works just like adding any other type of integration interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users who are tasked with creating bots in Conversation Builder can easily integrate functions within their dialog flows. Adding this kind of [interaction](conversation-builder-integrations-liveperson-functions-integrations.html) to a dialog in a bot works just like adding any other type of integration interaction.
```

> As part of the invocation, the bot can pass a payload into the function. This payload is specific to the triggered bot interaction. This means that, depending on the interaction, the function will have different data available as an input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the invocation, the bot can pass event meta-data into the function. This event payload is specific to the triggered bot interaction. This means that, depending on the interaction, the function will have different data available as an input.
```

### Configuration

{: .important}
You must have an user account for the Conversational Cloud and Conversation Builder platforms. If you don't, your team should have an administrator who can create one for you.

#### Step 1 - Create a new Function

Create a new lambda/function  **without event**. There aren't templates for this integration since this is a customizable bot which every payload will be different for each case.

#### Step 2 - Edit the Function

Edit and configure your function with the custom logic that you need for your use cases. see below an example.

#### Step 3 - Deploy the Function

> Just like any other function, this function must be deployed before it can be used. [Please see this document](liveperson-functions-getting-started-your-first-function.html#deploy) for more information on how to deploy your function.

Reviewer: Deep Dive

Author: done , check if you like
